It really does feel like the
tokenization floodgates are about to
open and I think there just needs to be
a couple of first movers um to make that
happen and to create those, you know,
this the sparks to create those network
effects. Um but I think there's a lot of
institutional money on the sidelines
waiting for sort of these first moves as
well.
Hey everyone, welcome to the Smart
Economy podcast where we ask your
favorite builders the questions you wish
you could ask yourself. This is a
production of neonnewstoday.com and I'm
your host Dylan Grabowski. In this
episode, we're joined by Kean Branak,
the founder of Moiki Labs, a contributor
to Kilfi, Salana's capital engine. In
this conversation, we discuss the value
of capital formation, the current state
of overcolateralized lending markets,
the current and future demands for
tokenized RWAs, how to maneuver
contagion from DeFi risks, and so much
more. Just a reminder, nothing said on
this podcast is a solicitation to buy or
sell any tokens and that the guest or
host might hold tokens discussed in any
given episode. You can check out a full
disclaimer at www.newtoday.com.
If you enjoyed this episode, please
consider rating and reviewing it on your
favorite podcasting platform and sharing
with your friends and family. Every
rate, review, like, and comment really
does help us reach more people and bring
you more of your favorite guests. With
all of that said, I really enjoyed
speaking with Ken and I hope you enjoy
the conversation, too. Hey everyone,
welcome to the Smart Economy podcast and
happy holidays in advance. Um, today
we're joined by Kan Branak, the founder
of Matariki Labs, a contributor to Kilfi
and Kilfi is building Salana's capital
engine. How you doing today, Ken?
>> Good. I forgot my uh my festive wear,
but I'm certainly admiring yours. Good
to be on.
>> Yeah, I should have I should have
shilled that we're going to do a little
Christmy stuff, but whatever. Um, so it
goes. Uh, this is show. We'll just move
on next time. Yeah. Um, awesome. I'm
super excited to have this conversation
today. So, we to kind of like get this
out of the way, we did have one of your
I always view the the the the kind of
like Sky ecosystem as like co-opetition.
There's like competing, but there's also
collaborating. Um, so we had uh Spark
who's building in the Ethereum EVM
ecosystem. Um, and now I'm really
excited to talk to you about Keel who's
building a capital engine in Salana. But
before we kind of go down the crypto
rabbit hole and what you're building at
um in the Kil ecosystem, I do just kind
of want to get like a little background
into into you. Um if you go to your
Twitter page, it says that you were
formerly an actuary. So what were you
doing before you ended up in the
blockchain world and what was your path
that led you into building here?
>> Yeah, definitely a good question. um not
surprising to me to find that not so
many people uh know what an actuary
actually is. So uh yeah, I mean I had a
a former CEO that I worked for used to
describe act as sort of the Navy Seals
of finance. I think that uh that
definitely overly glamorizes it, but
it's sort of a utility belt of skills
that's very very useful for kind of big
financial institutions like insurance
companies, reinsurance, banks. Um and
that's where I started out my early
career. So it's kind of a very
interesting blend of skill sets across
macro micro financial economics,
accounting, uh a little bit of computer
science and then just a ton of math
across you know probability, risk,
statistics. So a very very interesting
skill set and very very interesting
place to start out your career working
for these you know big traditional
organizations. Um and it was always for
me in the overlap between actuial skill
set and kind of engineering or building
these risk systems and capital engines.
Um, so you you can probably imagine I
always had a little bit of an eye on
DeFi. Always curious what was happening
there. Um, but my my sort of big red
pill moment was with Salana and Serum. I
think it was during the first co
lockdown. Uh, I was in New Zealand at
the time and uh, that was sort of when
it all clicked for me, right? Where you
can have these open permissionless
systems, you get all the benefits of
interoperability. Um and now for the
first time you can actually do it at
basically neg negligible cost at
subsecond finale. Um and uh I think yeah
at that stage that was the beginning of
the end for my my traditional actal
career. Um started learning Russ started
figuring out how to become a protocol
engineer. Um and since then I've had
kind of the opportunity to be
contributing in various capacities um in
Salana and different Salana projects. Um
and most recently became involved with
the sky ecosystem shortly after USDS
came to Salana. So um building out Miki
Labs which is a team of contributors
largely silent native um across both
sort of both of my my my loves both uh
protocol engineering as well as uh some
folks with risk and actraal backgrounds.
Um and so we've been involved in Sky
basically since early this year uh
building out uh infrastructure for the
Salana virtual machine for Sky for the
first time. um building those
relationships and establishing, you
know, who are the partners in DeFi that
that Sky needs to be in conversations
with. And really, I guess to summarize,
just generally laying the groundwork for
what now has evolved to become KE and
and you know, KE in its own right being
a a project from from this point
onwards.
Ken. So I'm interested then because a
lot of times when we just look at
projects that are building in blockchain
and crypto, you know, you find a lot of
people who are creating a problem for
solution and while you were kind of
still doing your actuary work, you were
in the traditional financial world. Were
you seeing these friction points that
DeFi solves? Were you running into them
or was it kind of like an aha moment
after, you know, hindsight's 2020 and
you started getting really interested in
DeFi and you're like, "Oh, this was this
was an issue that I didn't realize
before or were these kind of like
friction points apparent while you were
still in your previous career?"
>> In some senses, I think TRDFI is miles
ahead of DeFi. In other senses, DeFi is
miles ahead of Tradfy. I think certainly
at the time when I first got interested,
the thing that was exciting was that you
could very quickly build these open
permissionless systems um you could have
movement of funds, you could have uh you
know smart systems to interact with one
another in a composable way and you
could do that relatively quickly and and
relatively without having to ask anybody
else for permission to do that. Now that
has its pros and cons and that was you
know compared to a world that I worked
in at the time where maybe adding a
single field to a database might take
three months of work from six engineers.
Um and so this this sort of excitement
that you could sort of get these
experiments and get these products off
the ground so quickly and and you know
test them and get users and get folks to
interact and get you know real capital
and real funds moving was just
incredibly incredibly exciting. Um and
you know a very refreshing change from
you know the the big traditional
institutions. But then on the other
hand, I think we're we're now at the
stage in DeFi where there really is
reaching a very significant scale,
right? A scale that that TRDFI is now
sitting up and taking interest. Um, and
there's actually a lot of things that we
can learn from TRDFI and applied here.
Hopefully in a way that doesn't uh, you
know, unduly slow it down or doesn't
like sty innovation, but in a way that
can help us make more robust systems,
make systems that are are are more
attuned to risk and are doing this in
like an all-around more sustainable way.
So, I think there's certainly lessons
from both. That's that's probably a very
actuial answer. Um but um yeah, I'm I'm
very excited to be at this this point in
time and this point of maturity where um
where you know, DeFi really is starting
to you know, really starting to to round
out and mature.
>> Mhm. And when you were learning Rust to
kind of get your feet wet in blockchain
land, um what were the kind of projects
you were initially building? Were you
just kind of like playing around and and
trying out new applications? Were you
trying to contribute to projects that
were building in the Salana ecosystem?
What was kind of like the the thing that
you were doing to to gain your
experience in web 3?
>> Yeah, I mean my my my very first uh
piece of experimentation were were with
some hackathons. So Salana has run quite
a large number of very successful
hackathons and that's a really really
great opportunity to cut your teeth with
you know experiments and try things out
in a short space of time and get
feedback and get use and um they were
very very exciting in the early days and
actually a a few members of the team
have been involved in in projects that
have you know either graduated from
hackathons or or been involved in
various ways. So that was certainly for
someone who didn't come from a a formal
engineering training uh a really really
exciting way to get involved. Um so
couple of different things uh early days
in prediction markets building on stuff
at clubs um couple of evolutions of that
project always sort of in the area of of
risk uh risk and kind of moving to
capital but um certainly the most
exciting of those is has very much been
in laying the groundwork for for Kale I
think it's it's really a project a whole
other scale of opportunity and a whole
other scale of kind of value creation
for for the ecosystem more broadly
>> yeah one of the things that kind of
brought at Salana to my radar was
Breakpoint 2023. Um, when you just saw
the massive amount of developers that
were getting into that ecosystem and
this was just before the kind of like
memecoin cycle that brought Salana to to
the front page of everybody on crypto
Twitter's feed. Um, and I just remember
seeing the sheer amount of developers
that were participating in Breakpoint
and having been in the blockchain space
since 2017, you know, you kind of follow
where the developers are going and it
seemed like for the first time that
finally, you know, we had Bitcoin and
was able to capture developers up until
2017. Ethereum was able to capture
developers up until 2022, 2023. And then
Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal Sal
Salana was kind of like the third
iteration, the third ecosystem that was
capturing brand new developers that were
coming to web 3. So what was it about
Salana that caught your eye? What was it
about the tech stack that made you think
this is where I want to build as opposed
to building in EVM land or even in
Bitcoin land?
Yeah, I mean it it I have to admit it
certainly wasn't the the low-level
details of of how the uh how the virtual
machine or the language works that got
me in. It was very much the UX. Uh I
have to admit, you know, the the low gas
costs um you know, near instant
finality. Um I think had I known uh how
much more difficult it is to learn Rust
and and learn some of the slaughter
programming paradigms versus some other
networks, um I'm not sure that it is
where I would have started. Uh but it's
one of those things I think once you
once you get there and once you
appreciate the benefits uh that comes
from that additional work um I think
that's why you see a lot of folks who've
dabbled in Salana they they they don't
tend to go back. Um but it is really
exciting and I think you see this within
the ecosystem particularly in the last
kind of 18 18 months let's say um where
a lot of ecosystems start by just
replicating primitives that exist on
other networks. um we're really starting
to see new concepts uh and new
permanents evolve on Salana that take
advantage of the unique properties of
Salana right that wouldn't be feasible
on other networks um for various other
reasons you know where they can't have
settlement and the high frequency
activity on the same layer as in the
case on Salana you know where the gas
cost or the block time is prohibitive so
you know things like new lending
primitives evolving um that's really
exciting things like the prop amm uh
wave that we've had of late that's
really exciting and really interesting
for you know the quality of liquidity
and and pricing um and even things at
the DJ level right um some of the stuff
that Salana has had fame and infamy for
it's sort of a testament some level that
these use cases are possible um on the
same network where uh large scale DeFi
transactions with institutional assets
are happening in parallel and it's
happening at you know thousands of
transactions a second across a public
permissionless network so yeah it's just
a very very exciting ecosystem to be uh
to be building in
>> yeah I think um the kind kind of stress
test of the memecoin cycle of 2024 kind
of battle tested and and hardened the
Salana network and a lot of the haters
from 2024 and beyond uh were kind of
silenced because the network was able to
prove that it was able to be more
resilient and sustainable. Um before we
kind of delve further into Matariki and
what you're working on at Keel, um I do
just kind of want to hear real quick um
your super early genesis with crypto.
When was the first time you heard about
like Bitcoin, Ethereum, Salana, and if
you're like me, you were probably a
skeptic and maybe you didn't look at it
again for another few years. Or if
you're not like me, maybe you kind of
like got it immediately. Do you remember
the first time you you stumbled across
this crazy asset class in industry?
>> Yeah, I think my my very very first uh
interaction with it where I you know
took enough time to to read up a little
bit and try and figure out what this
thing is was probably
I'm going to show my age uh I think it
was maybe second year of university at
the time. Uh so probably yeah I guess
what 20
2013 maybe 2014. Um, but at the time,
yeah, my uh my trying to be smart,
trying to be clever was like, there's
something up here. I don't get it. And I
think I sort of sheld it for a while. I
think actually one of my buddies at the
time did uh decide to to agree on it and
has has has had quite a profitable
outcome as a result. Um, but no, I
remained fairly skeptical, I think,
through maybe my like first couple years
out of college and uh yeah, started to
dabble in DeFi maybe around 2018, I'm
going to say. Um, so yeah, double double
dabble and then once Salana came along,
it was sort of two feet in. So yeah,
that's my that's my story.
>> Yeah, my my story is very similar. I was
a broke grad student in 2013, looked at
Bitcoin when it just dropped to $600 and
thought, "Oh, this is interesting." And
then didn't look at it again for another
four years. Um, and was kicking myself
in the ass for for not doing so
beforehand. Um, I do I've been traveling
the world a lot recently this year all
over Asia. I've been dabbling into
LATAM. Haven't really gotten my feet wet
in Europe. What's the kind of like
developer scene, the blockchain scene
like in your neck of the woods? Do you
have a lot of local builders? Do you
have a lot of local meetups? Um, you re
you relocated from another part of the
world. So, are you seeing that there's
kind of like a grand return of people
who might have moved away to previously
identified blockchain hubs? Just kind of
want to hear um what your finger on the
pulse is like in your neck of the woods.
>> Yeah, I mean I'm I'm based out of
Belfast uh which is in Northern Ireland.
I spent a lot of time in Dublin, spent a
lot of time in London. um when I first
moved back which was about 2 years ago
now um was sort of struggling to find
folks to to connect with about this uh
you know to chat about Salon to chat
about DeFi generally um but you know
very thankful to say that's really
started to change in the last period um
Salana has a grassroots organization
called Super Team they've just got off
the ground in Dublin about a year ago
and I think they've gone from two or
three of us that used to meet up once a
month to I think something of the order
of 200 members now um and that ranges
from you know folks who are just writing
their first smart contract to you know
folks who have other um you know other
roles contributing to the very
significant protocol. So it's um really
really been exciting to see. I think
there always were a bunch of folks but
sometimes it takes someone to catalyze
that and and get people together and it
seems like every couple of weeks now you
you you hear of somebody who's just been
uh you know quietly working away on some
insane project uh you know they're
they're just a couple of couple of doors
down from you. So it's it's it's always
exciting to find that. And certainly
London I think these days is really
really booming um both on the kind of
grassroots you know developer side as
well as um I mean the institutional side
is just really really taking off. So a
lot of exciting stuff happening there on
the the kind of institutional side of
crypto at the moment out of London.
>> Yeah that's awesome. I I can't like
speak highly enough of how valuable
local communities are, especially during
times of negative sentiment and and
downward activity and just like flatout
bare markets. Like to have a group of
like-minded individuals that are
building in your neck of the woods and
you have monthly meetups with or
quarterly meetups with that that really
does go a long way. So, it's super cool
to hear that um that's kind of growing
in in your neck of the woods of Northern
Ireland. So, um, one of the the kind of
like key factors of the Keel ecosystem
is this relationship with with Sky,
formerly Maker Dow. So, how did you kind
of like find your inroads into Sky? I
don't know if we hit the record button
already, but you said you started um
integrating and collaborating with them
earlier this year. So, what did that
discovery look like? How did that
relationship start? And what was kind of
like uh the genesis moment or or the the
formation of the idea of ke?
>> Yeah. So I mean I I I've been a sort of
relatively longtime observer of maker
dow from you know from a distance. I
think um the concept of collateralized
stable coins and we'll love to get into
that in a little bit but it's always
been something that I've seen as a
really really crucial DeFi building
block that historically for for a number
of reasons Salana didn't have right. it
didn't have it, you know, brought in
from other networks. It it hadn't
managed to sort of take hold um
natively. Um and so when I first heard
that USDS was coming to SL, I was
naturally very excited about that. Um
but there was always this skepticism
when there are projects making their way
over from Ethereum. Is it going to
integrate uh in the right way, right? Is
it going to do this in a tasteful, you
know, cognizant way that respects the
way things are done on Salana? And you
know that's at the kind of human level
but even at the technical level the
Salana thing is a different beast right
at the at the virtual machine level. And
so there certainly been a lot of
examples of where that hasn't been done
successfully. Um so through a couple of
good friends of mine in the space we had
sort of heard about what was happening
reached out got in touch learned more
about um you know from other
contributors who are working on this how
they plan to do it. Um and it was very
clear that there was sort of an opening
or opportunity for Salana native
builders to get involved and help to
shape how this would happen. And so you
know that that started with contributing
to things like infrastructure around the
bridge um you know SVM native
infrastructure for things like uh the
sky savings rate susd
um liquidity against other stable coins
kind of this the these sort of sky
primitives um that everybody benefits
from. And sort of as we were doing that
we were you know identifying what are
the opportunities here you know what are
the things that are missing from for
Salana to get the full benefit of of
USDS and from for for Sky to get the you
know greatest opportunity from Salana.
Um and we've been watching obviously
very closely what Spark was doing. I
know you you had Sam on the podcast
there. They've been a terrific example
and terrific pioneer for what this what
Sky calls a star model um can do. And
you know, effectively Keel uh borrows a
lot of the same concepts there. Although
we intend to do things you very
differently on some fronts, but at at
the core we're a capital allocator on
chain um that dynamically allocates
capital between different venues,
different protocols, different sources
of yield um but gets the benefit of
being able to tap into you know Skye's
enormous liquidity and to be able to do
that in a very elastic way. Um so yeah
it's it's sort of that's it it's sort of
naturally evolved from kind of
identifying what is the best way for for
USDS to grow and so on and really it's
to have a large you know institutional
scale balance sheet able to dynamically
allocate that capital so it's you know
it it finds its best home.
So for somebody who might not have
listened to that episode with Sam or
still hasn't like been able to fully gro
or wrap their head around how you can
gain access to this capital and use it
to empower an ecosystem when we're
talking about capital allocation. What
does that mean? How does this look like?
is Sky giving Keel $2.5 billion in
stable coins and saying go do with this
what you will or um yeah maybe like
let's just talk a little bit about how
we're able to to access and and
effectively move this capital into into
projects and um what like an ownership
versus a redirection might look like.
Yeah, I mean it's it's a great question
and you're probably going to have to
forgive a little bit of jargon here
because it's uh it's not the most
straightforward answer. Um, I would
start by saying what it's not. And I
think like a misconception of what it's
not is that this kind of looks like some
sort of glorified morpho vault, right?
Where there's just a bunch of money this
guy, you know, puts up into this vault.
It gets allocated by ke and, you know,
sky is subject to the losses if we make
a mistake. It's not at all that, right?
That's sort of one of the ways I think
more risk creation has evolved on chain.
But sort of this protocol capital
allocator is quite different.
And the other piece of context I think
is useful in building up this picture is
for folks that are most familiar with
with Sky or formerly Maker Dow, you're
probably familiar with D, which was the
original collateralized uh debt token.
And the way it worked originally was you
had these things called collateralized
debt conditions. They were a smart
contract. You locked up $100 worth of
ETH and you could mint $70 of D. Okay?
And so that $70 a die was backed by an
overcolateralization of ETH or some
other quality blue chip crypto asset.
what what KE's balance sheet um
effectively is is an incredibly
complicated CDP. Okay, so you've got a
whole bunch of assets on it and you've
got liabilities to sky denominating USDS
which is the the evolution of D and so
Kale has this risk capital on it balance
sheet and that's sort of akin to the
overcolateralization in the original CDP
model and that is there to absorb first
losses that has to be appropriate for
the type of risk and and assets that
that Kale is uh allocating it to um and
if there are any losses on that they're
absorbed by those that that risk capital
and that's what protects protects Sky
and USDS holders as the most the most
sort of senior creditors in this model
um from losses. And so this sort of
silos the risk and moves the risk off
onto KE's um you KE's protocol balance
sheet but it also creates the
opportunity for KE to go and identify uh
these right commercial opportunities to
identify these you know mispric
allocations to figure out where there's
profitable allocation to be found um and
allows Sky and its kind of core
governance function to focus on the kind
of slower but very very important big
decisions like interest rate setting and
like risk setting. Um so I think it's a
very very interesting model and it it
has the right incentive alignment as
distinct from where we you know started
in this conversation with with kind of
just pure risk faults where somebody or
some is calling the shots in terms of
where allocation goes but they've no
skin in the game right they they they
you know all the losses are passed back
to the uh you know the depositor
effectively.
So, um, why would, uh, from Skye's
perspective, why would they want to, and
this this probably isn't the best term,
but we'll we'll go high level. Why would
they want to offload this sort of um,
and I don't even want to say it's high
risk, but for a stable coin issuer and
provider, um, this is a little bit
riskier when they're going out and
they're saying, "Identify these entities
that you can create these collateralized
depositions on be for." What is it in
Sky perspective that they're saying,
"Okay, we want a star to do this. We
want another team to be able to do this
and and then even further trust them in
an alternative ecosystem." What's kind
of like the the the cost risk analysis
from or the costbenefit analysis from
Sky perspective on how they're
empowering the Keel ecosystem to do
this?
That was a terrific question and I think
it it it actually goes back to lessons
learned from traditional finance. Um and
this may be a little bit in the weeds
but one of the core concepts that has
allowed
you know traditional final financial
markets to grow so well and to become so
efficient in how they allocate capital
is this concept called capital
formation. And it basically means
breaking up the risk and attributing the
riskreward to different categories of
people with different categories of of
you know comfort with that risk. Um and
so in this model uh what you've got is
you've got Sky at the core really its
core function is to issue USDS and
ensure that USDS remains sufficiently
over collateralized at all times. That's
basically what it wants to do and it
wants to ensure that PEG is always
maintained and there is always more than
enough and quite significantly more than
enough assets behind it. I think at the
moment it's about 140% over
collateralized. Um and then it also
wants to generate a return and it
generates a return so that it can
distribute the vast majority of that
back to SUSDS holders and generate some
protocol profit for its you know for for
for the reserve or for for Sky token
holders or whatever it does with that
but it wants to take very very very
limited risk in doing so. Um and so the
way it could achieve that and
historically it did was with these you
know very crude CDPs that were far far
far over collateralized or by buying
things like tokenized treasury bills.
But one of the things that uh one of the
problems that arises then is USDS
doesn't really have this kind of meeting
customers or meeting the folks that are
demanding it where they are. And so
that's one of the things that evolved
skyboard around D3M where basically USDS
was being sort of minted into a right or
minted into these lending marketplace to
meet borrowers. But if you expand that
model, how do you get it into other
ecosystems? How do you get it into more
and more lending marketplaces? How do
you find other uh profitable allocations
or or allocations in general?
That's possible by having these these
these stars these separate organizations
that are sort of motivated to go out and
find these opportunities go out to
identify folks who have demand for USDS
and meet them where they are. So that's
sort of one of the the big motivations
is sort of for growth. Okay. And and and
and having these yeah um agile nimble
organizations can go and do that. And on
the risk perspective, that capital
formation that we mentioned earlier is
sort of the thing that protects and and
sort of silo some of that risk, right?
Where the the organizations that are uh
most at the forefront of figuring out
the right opportunities have a you know
have have a have a spread to capture in
terms of that outsized return um but
also have to eat the you know in most
cases all of the risk right or the vast
vast majority of the risk associated
with doing so. Um, and it's a model that
works very very well in traditional
finance and it's a model that I think is
is very very promising and very very
suited to this problem in in DeFi as
well.
>> Mhm. Mhm. So, um, really quickly, can we
just touch on the kind of hierarchical
organizational structure of Ke? I mean,
if you go and look up who's Ken on
crypto Twitter, you're going to find
that you're the founder of Matariqi
Labs. And then there's Kil, which is
this kind of like behemoth that is
allocating Skye's um underlying capital.
So there's kind of like three different
names that are being thrown around right
now. So can we just share a little bit
about um the relationships of Matariki
Labs and how that contributes to Keel
and are there other opportunities for
other people to come in and build inside
and alongside Ke?
>> Yes. So Kale I guess ultimately is a
protocol. Um it's what the sky calls a
star. It will uh in time have its own
DAO that will make decisions based on
kind of traditional token governance. Um
and so it is sort of this
it's it's this balance sheet, this
dynamic allocation, this automated
system. It's the framework and the rules
to facilitate that. Um Miki Labs is a is
a dev shop development company, a
research office that I set up. um have
brought in some of the best talent I've
been able to find from you know past
experience across both protocol
engineering as well as kind of risk and
rail and among other things we
contribute to the development of of Kale
as a protocol and and some of the
infrastructure that enables Kale um so
that's sort of the way you could think
about it and you know it's it is very
much intended to be and very much is um
you know an open autonomous organization
kale certainly welcomes contributions
from from other organizations and you
know miki labs I is is is is just one of
those organizations in time that will
help to to develop it and grow it and
further it.
>> Where where did you come up with the
genesis for for the name of Matariki
Labs? It's a super interesting name.
>> So Materiki is the Maui word uh for the
southern cross constellation. Um and so
one of the genesis of these this idea at
the time and bring this sort of skill
set together was uh on a on a walk late
at night in in New Zealand where you
could see that that beautiful
constellation. So, it's a it's a
throwback to some time I spent um a few
years back living uh living living down
there.
>> Perfect. And it fits very well into the
the broader sky ecosystem and the kind
of vibes going on over there. Um so, the
KE was kind of like formally announced
in Singapore at the end of September. I
was out there for token 2049 and one of
the kind of like big numbers that sticks
out when when you read about this
announcement is $2.5 billion in from
within the sky ecosystem. So how where
did this what's the the the pool of
funding? Is this all available now? Is
this being allocated
um all at once? Is this a pool that
you're going to be playing with for a
few years? How did this kind of like
sticker price number of $2.5 billion
kind of come to be? Um what are kind of
like the ways in which you envision
distributing this capital into the
Salana ecosystem?
>> It's certainly not um a day one dump it
all in a market number. That's for sure.
uh 2 2.5 is sort of uh what's sort of
been discussed in the sess as like an 18
to 24 month road map for key um so I
think there's tremendous opportunity on
salana and I think the sky ecosystem is
is very much agreed on that um but one
of the challenges you have when bringing
allocation of this scale to an ecosystem
that is still you know relatively
speaking in a kind of growth stage um
you you cannot you simply cannot just
bring that level of capital and just
throw it in the marketplace place. Um,
so there is a road map and I won't go
into all of the details but broadly
speaking it's across uh DeFi lending,
stable coin swap liquidity and tokenized
real world assets. Um, lending of course
lending markets and overc collateralized
lending markets is where Sky
historically has been able to play the
biggest role and is where it's best fit
uh to do that. Um so I would personally
love to see but of course a lot of this
is driven by you know governance and and
other decisions really really growing
and scaling the stable coin lending uh
market participation by KE. Um but
that's going to take a little bit of
time. You have to walk those markets up
to the combination of getting folks used
to additional liquidity and you know
other borrowers having more confidence
and identifying that there's greater
liquidity there. So that's sort of a
walk up. Um but there are a lot of
exciting things that maybe we should
double tick on in a moment around the
impact that this will have on rates and
the economy as a whole on chain for the
law ecosystem. The next thing is in
stable coin swap liquidity. So I think
everyone who's been anywhere near DeFi
knows there's been a whole bunch of new
stable coins coming on. A big part of
bringing um a collateralized stable coin
as opposed to a fiat back stable coin
like Circle or Tether is actually
ensuring there's really really high
quality liquidity against those fiat
back stable coins. Um, so that'll be
another part of it. And then the other
part which I'm also excited to to chat
about is the tokenized real world asset
strategy. Um, so Salana, I think if you
look at any of the dashboards, it's
it's, you know, it's kicking ass on
almost all metrics. It tends to be sort
of too behind Ethereum on basically
everything TBL related, but one area
where it's lagged a little bit has been
in in tokenized real world assets um,
and sort of institutional to scale
assets on chain. And so from Kale's
perspective, there's a couple of reasons
why it can play a really important role
here and and and on that kind of path to
the 2.5 million over the next 18 months.
Um a there hasn't been a significant
institutional scale on chain balance
sheet on Salana to date, right? Whereas
other ecosystems, you know, like
Ethereum have benefited from Sky for
many, many years. And so that means you
don't have an allocator that has an
absolute imperative to demand the
highest quality assets on a particular
network. Um and so without that we
haven't had asset managers sort of get
over that anchor liquidity hurdle to get
over their kind of ROI to invest in
tokenization infrastructure on Salana.
And so as we joked about earlier it it's
not quite as easy to just lift and shift
EVM code and and deploy it on Salana. So
it is quite an investment these guys
need to make to get over that hurdle.
Um, and then the other thing with with
RWA is a lot of it is the network
effect, right? You don't really get a
lot of the benefits until there already
is liquidity in these assets. So I think
for K there really is an important role
to be played as that catalyzing force as
that instigator to demand high quality
tokenized assets on chain to be the
anchor liquidity to be the holders of
those assets but to hopefully usher in a
whole wave of other allocators and other
buyers and other traders for these
assets to follow um once that standard
is set. So there's sort of the three
areas to round it back up of of of of
how we get to that 2.5, but it's
certainly not something you can do
overnight. And we're going to see it
kind of ramp up gradually, slowly to
slowly slowly, and then all at once.
>> Yeah. So, um, and please feel free to
correct me for putting any words in into
your mouth or or for how Keel is is
seeking to operate, but um, based off of
what you just said, kind of the takeaway
I'm walking away with is here's this
massive pool of capital that's being
managed. Um look traditional financial
institutional partners who want to
onboard their RWAS on chain we can
manage this level of capital so why not
explore also bringing your tokenized
real world assets into our ecosystem is
that kind of the the playbook
there's certainly an element of that and
I think you know someone needs to
kickstart the party to some extent in a
new ecosystem and and and that very much
feels like there is a burden of
responsibility here for an onchain
balance sheet to do that. Um, and yeah,
it's exactly that. And we're we're you
know, we as as advisor tequil are having
tremendous conversations with with
basically anybody in the traditional
finance space remotely interested in
tokenization. So there's definitely a
lot of excitement here. Um, there's
definitely a lot of uh teams that have
spent a lot of time figuring out how to
do this. They're sort of waiting for the
yeah the the right opportunity to get
over that auto hurdle and make it
happen. Um, and I really think we, you
know, we we've started to see some of
this happening on other chains, on other
networks on Ethereum for a couple of
years, but it really does feel like the
tokenization floodgates are about to
open. And I think there just needs to be
a couple of first movers um to make that
happen and to create those, you know,
this the sparks to create those network
effects. Um, but I think there's a lot
of institutional money on the sidelines
waiting for sort of these first moves as
well. So um hopefully a very exciting
couple of months ahead uh in the
tokenization space but there's um yeah a
lot of work going on in the background
as well to make these things happen
without asking to like name any names or
spill any secret sauce um from what I've
been able to glean from some of these
kind of first mover conversations is a
lot of tradi entities that are
interested in tokenizing a fund or
bringing an RWA on chain. They're also
asking for a little bit of uh skin in
the game from their infrastructure
partners. So, are you are we as an
industry still at a point when you're
courting a new traditional entity who's
trying to bring one of their RWAs on
chain? Are we still at a point where an
entity might say, "We'll come onto your
chain, but we need you to invest 5 to$15
million into our fund to sweeten the
pot." Um are we still kind of like at
that point or are we moving beyond where
um these institutions are kind of not
necessarily needing a direct uh
financial incentive of investment into
the a fund that they want to bring on
chain or what's kind of like the
landscape right right now like
>> the sense I have is that there is still
an enormous amount of that happening
across networks um I think in particular
where you look at networks where there
isn't a natural product market fit
already. There is a need for those
organizations and those foundations to
do a little bit of this sort of
paytoplay or to sort of plug the hole in
the economics to make them work somehow.
Um I think on networks where there is
already an established um let's call it
a marketplace or at least the the
semblance of um you know where network
effects could take hold. I think there
is less need for that. Um, and I think
for projects like Sky more broadly where
there is a legitimate economic
motivation to want to go out and buy
these assets um because it is backing
the stable coin treasury because there
are profitable allocation opportunities.
That to me is a much healthier much more
sustainable way um to get these asset
managers across the line to get those
first issuances out there rather than
sort of artificially plugging the hole
on some of these economics like we you
know I think like you alluded to there
is a lot of that happening on on some
other networks as well. Yeah. So
hopefully hopefully something we will we
will move past. Um but you know as I say
somebody has to start the party in some
sense and sometimes that involves you
know foundations and these these other
networks plugging the hole in in in
cases to make the economics work.
>> Um do you find that you have to kind of
when you're when you're going out to to
f to entities that are coming on chain
for the first time um and they're
currently in their exploration phase and
having conversations with entities like
KE or others. Are you finding that you
need to kind of evangelize
the benefits of the underlying
architecture of Salana or is this just
like they they don't care what
blockchain it is, they want to find a
good partner or Yeah, cuz I I get the
sense that you know you have Ethereum
that captures all these RWA. If you go
to RWA.xyz,
it's like the market leader, but then
there's dozens of others. So, do you
have to kind of like champion Salana
yourselves when you're going out and
courting these entities?
>> It it really varies quite a lot. Uh you
the the the spectrum of folks you speak
to from um you know, how are we putting
our fund on a Bitcoin to you know, folks
that really understand um the the
nuances of Salah versus Ethereum versus
other networks. um
a lot of the institutions that are are
are just you know historically asset
managers this is just another
distribution channel for them they're
working with a tokenization platform
they don't really care so much um but I
would say there's been a very
encouraging number of folks that we've
spoken to where there are real
thoughtful tokenization teams within
these big institutions um that are
really flying the flag for what's
possible here um and with those guys
there are terrific conversations about
what's possible on Salana that's not
possible anywhere else, right? Some of
the nuances of what you can do, what
what could we do not just by issuing
this so people can hold it, but if we
can find some way to make it composable
with DeFi. Um, you know, certainly for
uh for someone like myself, they're the
much more interesting conversations and
also much more um, you know, it just
gives you a lot more comfort that this
is not going to be a one-off project
from this asset manager and they're
going to shove it. These guys are are
going to be here to stay, right? They're
going to issue one high quality asset to
get started, but there's probably a
whole bunch of these to come, right? And
interesting DeFi strategies and
interesting ways to be integrated and
and and make them more useful on chain
as opposed to just another version of
the same product um that's accessible on
chain. So, it really varies, but I I
would say on the whole I've been very
pleasantly surprised by the the level of
engagement and the if not initial
understanding, the like desire to
understand more. So, yeah, it's been
good.
Um you mentioned that Salana is kind of
like rearing up and ramping up and in
and it's number two, number three behind
um Ethereum and a lot of other kind of
like RWA verticals and asset classes.
And if you're a listener and you're
listening to this right now and you do
go to RWA.xyz, a fantastic platform that
kind of shows the aggregation of various
different verticals of real world assets
that are being brought on chain. There's
a lot of different types. There's
there's um private debt, there's
corporate and um RWAs, there's stable
coins, there's T bills, there's all
these kind of like really interesting
types of of RWAs. What is like the the
vertical that you're seeing being
captured on Salana right now? And what's
the kind of vertical that you guys are
going after in terms of different types
of RWAs that you're trying to bring on
chain?
Yeah, I mean I I I think on Salana to
date it is still very much in its its
nency compared to some other networks.
Um so I won't go too far into it. We you
know there's certainly been some
excitement about various forms of
tokenized equities with varying degrees
of legal recourse. We won't go into
that. Um and there's been very
interesting like more specific native um
issuances of assets that you could
broadly categorize as as as OWAs. Um but
I think if you zoom out and look at you
know public blockchain networks on the
whole and what assets have have you know
sort of taken hold we had this really
interesting period in time where T bills
and money market funds um were in such
demand right and it sort of happened
because historically before that the
onchain economy had it almost subclimate
uh e economic environment whatever you
want to call it right where it sort of
found its own natural risk-f free rate
um and it was pretty much entirely
disconnected from interest rates in in
traditional markets. Um whereas of
course in traditional markets you've got
this concept of the Fed rate or the
interest free rate so risk-f free rate
excuse me on which almost every other
financial market is built and then the
bringing on of T bills and money markets
funds all of a sudden united these two
worlds right where now there was a way
to import into DeFi the risk-free rate
and that you know flew in it started to
flow into many different stable coin
treasuries and many other different
primitives um and that sort of then put
like a very nice floor in in in in our
onchain economy. Um, but since then and
really over like the last whatever it's
been 18 months,
things in on on onchain have heated up
quite a bit and the demand for capital
has increased, the demand for liquidity
has increased and our sort of hybrid
rate, if you want to call it that, has
been pulled up, which has made things
like TWS and money market funds slightly
less interesting to a capital allocator.
So um the types of assets that you can
imagine we're exploring are the types of
assets that are consistent with uh you
know an institution who has very very
short duration liabilities. Okay. Uh
because ultimately it's backing a stable
coin and that stable coins primary
function is to remain liquid. Um so
that's one of the biggest constraining
factors. Um so any sort of stability is
instability is not really something you
can tolerate. Obviously dollar
denomination is is a big factor. um
highly liquid as I mentioned and and and
and pretty pretty low risk when it comes
to risk. I think folks assume allocator
is taking quite a significant amount of
risk, but really it's the art of um
identifying yield with with low to no
risk is is really the the game we're in
as a capital allocator. Um so yeah, it's
stuff like you mentioned. There's the
kind of institutional private credit is
interesting. other types of tokenized
fund, tokenized yield, um things that
have worked in the past for other
allocators. We're exploring like
tokenized offchain credit, um tokenized
basis trade, all those categories of
assets with sort of dollar denominated
risk appropriate yields, high liquidity
are are kind of the categories of assets
that we as an allocator are interested
in.
>> Cool. Do you have um any direct
competitors within in the Salana
ecosystem that are reaching to the same
scale that Keel is
in the allocation space? Not not not
really. I mean, we're certainly aware
there are a number of of whales and like
the lending and and stable coin
liquidity space, but but they're a very
different beast, I guess, when it comes
to protocol owned liquidity that has
access to sort of the elastic scale of
Sky. Um, you know, I I know in the
context, for example, of Sparkland,
Spark, there is Sparkland, which is a
lending marketplace as well. Keel very
much is is is a liquidity layer and not
so much a product. And so, we're, you
know, in this nice position where we're
sort of friends with everyone and we're
able to be friends with everybody um
because, you know, liquidity is great
for everybody um and we don't really
have to be competitive in that sense.
So, it's a it's a very very nice
position to be in as an ambassador of a
of a project that uh is largely just
here to hopefully benefit as many people
as possible.
>> Cool. Um and in that vein, what does
what's the relationship with the Salana
Foundation like? I would imagine it's
it's very open and amicable. Um are you
seeing a lot of conversations being
opened and lines of communication being
opened as a result of an introduction of
the Salana Foundation? are you guys um
having uh planned communication
processes whereby maybe like once a
quarter you're you're meeting with them
to to share what's going on. I'm just
really curious to hear um what a team
from from your scaling caliber um what a
relationship with an ecosystems
foundation looks like.
>> Yeah, I can I can tell you it's
certainly a lot more than once a
quarter. We we work very very closely
with the Salana Foundation and get
terrific support from many of the
different stratas there. Um and it's
it's been a really really helpful
relationship. Well certainly in this
direction I hope in both ways in terms
of opening doors where um you know I
keep using the word catalyzing but it
really has been that effect for a lot of
institutions where all of a sudden there
is real allocation that's at stake and
so in terms of uh folks coming to speak
to us through the foundation but also
folks coming to speak to Foundation
through us to figure out what they need
to do uh you know to have a successful
tokenization to launch this project for
more than one just one customer to
figure out how they interact with DeFi
for the various people in the solution
stack right from oracles down to the cod
solutions down to tokenization. So it's
um very very much I think a mutually
beneficial relationship with the Salana
Foundation and yeah have a lot of time
for the for really all the guys there
they've been incredibly helpful.
>> Awesome. We also had uh the Salana
Foundation on the pod back in late 2023
as well. So shout out to that team. Um,
I guess one of the the things I'm
interested in hearing about is what
would you say is the number one kind of
like friction point when a team is
exploring building um on Salana? What's
the number one thing that you find
you're you're helping to hold their
hands as they walk through the process
of building on this chain and in this
ecosystem?
>> It's a good question. Um
we we did touch on earlier that like the
tech is very different. There are a lot
of very different programming paradigms.
Um there's Salana as a place to build is
a lot less opinionated for an engineer
than I think much of EVM development is.
So there are less kind of standards set
um less common practice established. So
I think there's a lot of kind of
figuring things out for the first time
that you shouldn't necessarily have to.
Um so that certainly can be a bit of a
challenge. um especially if you've come
at it from the assumption that this will
be easy to replicate where we've you
know done something elsewhere. Um
that's probably the big one on the tech
front. Um
aside from that, I don't know that I
have too many other major problems. It's
I mean maybe that comes from a place of
uh having been been sticking around so
long and just gen generally loving the
place, but uh yeah, I think that's
that's really the only thing that comes
to mind right now.
Yeah, I mean super interesting and
valid. Um, it's it's a completely
different VM and ecosystem to to build
within. And I there's there's this is
also a question I'm interested in
digging into a little bit. What are the
kind of benefits that come from under
building within like a monolithic
ecosystem as opposed to the modular kind
of like OP ZK stack of EVM land? What
are what are the benefits that come from
just like doubling down and and building
on Salana which is like very monolithic
and you're not going to have to worry
about L2s or even L3s at this point.
I mean I think the big one for anything
financialized
is I mean I'll do my best to explain but
I think Salana's internet capital
markets thesis is like a very very good
summary summary of it and and really
what that says is hey on an L1 like
Salana that is a high throughput network
you sort of get the best of both right
in that the activity that is low latency
high frequency things like price
discovery things like credit creation
things like liquidations can actually
happen in the exact same place um as
settlement happens right where your like
asset security takes place and that's
incredibly incredibly powerful right as
you know as this thing if you compare
that to an L2 based system where those
those high frequency activities can
happen somewhere else but there's still
quite a gap between the settlement right
so you've got the benefits of things
like capital efficiency funds don't need
to be moved and queued and bridged you
can have those marketplaces take place
milliseconds from where they're
ultimately settled and I think that
that's really really really impactful
and really powerful and you know from
Kil's perspective the opportunity there
is
you know depending on who you listen to
there's a 20 to30 trillion market of of
collateral assets coming on chain in the
next 10 years um where do we think
they're going to end up I mean they're
going to end up across a whole bunch of
different public blockchains um but if
you look at what networks are going to
have the capacity to handle the sort of
volume that's needed for the high
frequency activities like credit
creation which ke is involved in Um to
me a lot of that credit creation is
going to happen in the network where you
have settlement of those assets not
having to leave that same network. So
that that to me is what sort of boils
down the the Salana thesis and and and
part of you know part of the excitement
for KE and the opportunity for KE in
Salana
>> that 30 billion coming on chain and sure
maybe it's a conservative figure maybe
it's not I think it's definitely just
the general trend of of where the hockey
puck is going and and where we should be
skating to as an industry. What is this
large number of RWAs coming on chain?
What is this comprised of? It could be
20 billion, it could be 30 billion,
whatever. Um, where what are these RWAs?
What what are these assets that are
coming on chain generally going to be?
>> I mean, first of all, I got to correct
myself. I think I used the B, but I
intended to use the T. I think the
prediction most are looking at across
you know whether standard charter or BCG
are predicting 20 to 30 trillion um in
tokenized assets coming on the public
blockchains in the next 10 years. Um so
that really is you know a significant
multiple from where we stand today. Now
the big question is right how many of
these assets will be composable or have
the ability to compose with DeFi right
that's sort of what constrains
potentially the opportunity that I just
described. Um but you have quotes from
folks at Black Rockck that say you know
by in the next 5 years either all of
their assets will be tokenized or none
of their assets will be tokenized right
and that's you know books of thousands
of different ETFs across all categories
of assets and allocations. So there
really is this kind of inflection point
where I think you know the first first
asset manager maybe does an experiment
with two three different ETFs somebody
else does it with two or three funds but
if these prove successful the marginal
cost to tokenize the rest of their you
know the rest of their offering is is is
negligible right um so I think there's a
lot of a lot of what we're seeing right
now is sort of the very early
experimentation and I mean it's been
taken very very seriously and been done
correctly I hope um but the floodgates
really really could open for a lot of a
lot of different categories and uh
different categories and offerings
>> and I also probably misused a BT or M in
terms of billion trillion or million in
this conversation. So if uh apologies if
I did so um in the past um okay cool.
So, as we kind of like zoom out and wrap
up, you mentioned earlier that you
wanted to touch a little bit on the
value prop of overcolateralized stable
coins. And I am I'm very well aware that
I'm about to throw in two different
types of stable coins that have nothing
to do with one another. But for a lot of
OG ecosystem participants,
um, they might have this kind of
hangover from anything that's not a
fiatbacked stable coin. I'm specifically
talking about the anker unwind from the
um from from 2021 and that was an
algorithmic stable coin very different
from an overcolateralized stable coin
but it might get easily lumped in to a
non fiatbacked stable coin. So for
anybody who has a little bit of
consternation or might think that a
cryptocolateralized overcolateralized
stable coin is risky because they're
inadequately or wrongly or or however
you want to put it um conflrating the
two algorithmic stable coins with
overcolateralized stable coins. How do
you kind of um deal with this underlying
um assumption of risk that people might
have when it comes to using an
overcolateralized cryptobacked stable
coin? Are we in a place where something
that like like USDS can compete with and
if not be better than a USDT or a USDC?
Or are we still kind of like fighting
this uphill battle of preconceived
notions that people might have about
cryptocolateralized stable coins because
of past examples of failures in in
blockchain financial infrastructure
systems?
I think the the way I respond to this
question is probably first by
categorizing some of these different
buckets of stable coins. So if I can if
I can be so bold as to sort of try and
set out a taxonomy and then I think the
next piece then is to sort of say that
none of these stable coins are
inherently good or bad overall, right?
They're they're they're better or worse
for particular use cases is the way I'd
come come back to you. So, if we say
there's kind of three broad buckets, I'm
going to say feedback stable coins.
Let's call them payment stables. Um,
we've got kind of more speculative
assets like strategyback stable coins or
algorithmic stable coins, which are
really there as a unit of account for
some investment, right? As opposed to
actually being a sort of unit of
currency, right? I know a lot of folks
still call them stable coins, but a lot
of the time what you're really buying is
a dollar unit of some exposure to some
investment, right? And then the third is
uh over collaborate stable coins or debt
tokens like the USDS and die.
And so the second category is the one
that folks often you know get nervous
about as they should in some cases
because they're sort of come across or
marketed as a stable coin as like a unit
measure but really they're a you know a
unit of claim and some sort of strategy
that may have a whole wider range a wide
array of risk. The first category
payment stables I think the use case is
very clear. They're probably crypto's
most obvious product market fit. They're
a means of moving a claim on fiat around
the internet, you know, fast and cheap.
Um, and they're really, really good at
that. And then lastly, we've got the the
the death token die USD. It's sometimes
used as a uh as a as a as a means to
settle payment, but it's never going to
be competitive with Circle or Tether as
a payment stable coin, right? It it it
has one further step removed when you
need to offramp. But what it's really
really good at is as a use unit of
credit creation, as a unit of debt
creation, and a way to sort of move the
value that's created there to folks that
stake it while still having a claim on
the underlying value, right? And so it
behaves much more like um what
economists call M2 uh in traditional
finance, right? It's it's it's it's it's
got this sort of superpower in its
elasticity and its ability to um make
markets function better, make rates more
stable, meet borrowers uh where they
need uh credit creation um and to create
value and pass that back to to folks on
the savings side in a way that is much
more secure and collateralized and safe
than some of these more speculative
stable coins or or sort of strategy back
stable coins. So yeah, I think to
summarize, it's it's it's not that
anyone is inherently good or evil. It's
that there are tools for jobs and
certain stable coins are the right tool
for certain jobs and certainly on the
credit creation side. You know, debt
back debt tokens or collateral backed uh
tokens are really the the way to go.
>> Awesome. And I kind of want to wrap this
interview up with uh something that we
could probably speak for hours about.
Um, so apologies for for lobbing a a
highly complex kind of issue at you as
our final question, but um, we're on the
heels right now of a major hack that
happened in the balancer ecosystem and
there was a $110 million hack and this
contagion spread to other blockchains in
EVM land, Sonic, Polygon, and Bass. um
it seems every quarter or so um almost
every ecosystem is at risk of dealing
with one of these largecale DeFi
attacks. So
as you kind of take it on your shoulders
in the keel ecosystem to onboard
institutions,
how do we navigate these waters of a
protecting
um like RWAS and um assets that are
backed by RWAS from suffering from this
contagion? And how do you kind of
reassure uh traditional entities that
this is something that has happened ever
since DeFi has been a thing in
blockchain? Um and these are the kind of
um like mechanisms we're going to put in
place to uh shield or avoid you and your
um assets from falling victim to these
things that have contagion throughout
blockchain ecosystems.
It's a very good question. Um, I think
the first thing I would say is it's it's
a very important reminder and it's it's
never good that these things happen, but
they do serve as a very important
reminder that there is no such thing as
zero risk on chain. Um, and that, you
know, security, audits, or contests, uh,
you know, bounties, all of these things
play an really, really important role in
trying to reduce that risk. uh and doing
that in a sensible way and doing that to
the best of you know whatever the
capabilities and resources are at the
time but that they never entirely remove
that risk. Um and you know one of the
ways you deal with that uh at scale is
to some extent trying to reduce
concentration right or or or improve
diversity of exposure. Um and that
hasn't necessarily always been possible
uh historically because there have been
a small number of you know key um key
winners in a lot of DeFi uh because of
the the sort of monolithic effect of
liquidity but I think that is improving
and the ability to sort of diversify
allocations across different networks uh
is one of the things that sort of brings
that benefit.
Um I think education is a big part of
But I think there's no point in going
out to to speak to folks and try and
pretend that these risks don't exist.
It's probably important to to call out
what these risks are and make sure folks
understand it. And I think um certainly
the sky ecosystem has been a big
advocate of transparency and and
sharing, you know, findings, sharing
data, sharing whatever they can to to
demonstrate what's underlying this. Um I
think when it comes to tokenized real
world assets there's some there's some
sense in which the risk is reduced
slightly through it's two sides of a
coin. Um full legal recourse assets also
carry a claim offchain in addition to
the representation on chain and to some
extent they uh introduce less exposure
to those assets where it comes to folks
just holding them. Um but there will
always be a degree of exposure you know
introduced when they start to interface
and integrate with DeFi. And so I think
that's something that is still being
figured out but I think the reduces the
risk is slightly reduced by the nature
of having full legal recourse for these
assets uh underlying.
Awesome. Um thank you for handling that
kind of complex question with uh brevity
at the very end of our interview. Um, so
for anybody who's listening to this, who
do you want to reach out to and what's
the best way that they can get in
contact with you?
>> Yeah, I mean you can uh follow along on
ke_fi
uh on Twitter. Um, if you'd like to
follow me personally, it's crocdundoc.
Um, yeah, we'll be delighted to hear
from any folks that are interested in
contributing, learning more. Um, yeah,
we're excited to build and excited to
have folks build alongside us. So yeah,
and thanks for having me on, Dylan. I
appreciate it.
>> Absolutely, Ken. And I I think RWAS are
kind of like the the bigger killer the
biggest killer use case that are going
to be coming in that have been in
blockchain for the past year or so and
will continue to do so. So um it was an
honor to to hear what you're building at
Keel and to hear more about how you're
courting institutions and and helping um
these guys figure out the best ways that
they can come on chain. So I appreciate
your time.
>> Amazing. Thank you.
>> Cheers. Thank you for tuning in to the
Smart Economy Podcast. To stay in the
loop with all of our latest episodes and
insights, please head over to
www.smarteconomyodcast.com.
Don't forget to subscribe to our YouTube
channel for all of our video content. If
you enjoyed today's discussion, please
consider showing your support by liking,
commenting, and reviewing this episode
on your favorite podcasting platform.
Your feedback helps us reach more
listeners and bring even better content
your way. We'd also love to hear from
you, so please drop a comment on Spotify
or YouTube to share what topics you'd
like us to cover next or who you'd like
to see as our next guest. And if you or
someone you know might make a great
guest, please reach out. We're always
looking for fresh voices and new
perspectives. And for our NEO token
holders out there, please consider
voting for NEO news today as your
council representative. We've proudly
been serving the NEO ecosystem since
2017, and we'll continue to do so by
putting portions of our council rewards
directly back into ecosystem growth
initiatives. With all that said, thank
you so much for listening, and we look
forward to catching you next time.